Hello and welcome.
Are you up for another challenge.
This is our second challenge.
It's going to be based on your understanding of the factory after factory method design pattern.
So let's get started.
I want you to write an application that utilizes different types of movies either a Hollywood movie
or a Bollywood movie.
Those are going to be our products.
They can also have different types of genres either comedy or action.
So there's many ways we can approach this problem.
I'm going to suggest one way your goal for this assignment is to utilize the Abstract Factory method
design pattern for the creation of each type of movie with the correct genre so our factory will create
either action or comedy movies of a certain family of products the family of products or Hollywood or
Bollywood you're going to either create Hollywood action movies or Hollywood comedy movies or Bollywood
action movies or Bollywood comedy movies.
You should implement this pattern using any technique you want.
I mentioned many different techniques.
You can have a static method for your factory producer.
You can have a static method for your creator.
Remember that the factory method design pattern is a subset of this pattern.
So you're going to be implementing the factory method as well as the Abstract Factory method.
The Abstract Factory method is going to determine which family of products you use.
So you're going to have a factory for each family product but there's different ways you can approach
it.
I like the way of passing a parameter so you can limit your subclasses to determine which instance to
create.
I also like that way that approach when you determine which actual factory to use again you still pass
a parameter and it will turn you the correct factory and that's the Abstract Factory method side of
it.
So in the following slides I'm going to suggest one way to implement it.
You can implement it any way you want.
There isn't what you'll learn as you write code is there's many different ways to implement things the
suggested solution on the following slides heavily uses interfaces and subtypes in the main class my
steps would be you would first create two movie interfaces Hollywood and Bollywood those both contain
a common method the method could be like getting the movie name for example to interfaces these are
going to represent our family of products you then want to create a concrete class for each genre of
movie the product family is gonna be a Hollywood comedy movie or Hollywood action movie for the Hollywood
interface a Bollywood comedy movie or a Bollywood action movie for the interface Bollywood interface
each class would implement the Get Moving aim method from an AI Hollywood movie or an AI Bollywood movie
interface to implement more mundane cuts.
Simply put out some hard code a name.
So just like the other assignments in the other examples the logic the behavior for the actual method
is not important because we're demonstrating a design pattern.
So just print out something like I just created a Hollywood movie with this name and so forth.
No big deal on behavior.
You'll need to create another interface for the Abstract Factory pattern right.
These are the creators the creators of both the family of what factory and the creators of the actual
products.
So this class will create a family of products either Hollywood or Bollywood or Hollywood Bollywood
comedy movies.
So action movies versus comedy movies.
So we're going to organize this based on our factory after factory based on the action or the comedy
movies which return the right instance based on the product above.
So I would suggest creating a movie factory for the interface name in the Hollywood movie.
You'd get Bollywood movie for the factory methods.
This is actually going to implement the factory.
These methods will return a reference to either an AI Hollywood movie or an AI Bollywood movie.
The product families the factories are going to be based on the actual product types.
Again one way to implement it.
You can actually group this differently where you could group but not by comedy or action movies but
by Hollywood Bollywood.
I keep getting confused each way but we're going to approach it with grouping by comedy or action based
on type.
You also need to create classes that implement the factory methods from the movie Factory interface
comedy movie Factory action movie factory.
This is our factory of factories.
We're going to either create comedy products or action products and so in thought that a good name would
be comedy movie Factory action movie factory the factory method should take a string object which determines
the correct movie subtype to create this method should return in AI Hollywood movie or an AI Bollywood
movie interface that references that's referenced on the previous slide.
Lastly you want to create a client class that includes a main method.
This class will utilize the comedy and action movie factories.
You can have a static method to get that to get those factory classes back or you can create an instance.
This would be the composition relationship that would create a family of products.
Either the Hollywood or Bollywood action movies or comedy movies for the family products.
You can invoke the Get Moving a method to verify that the correct object was created.
This will be our testing to ensure that our Abstract Factory worked correctly.
Here's an example output of what your application would look like and there are some differences here
and some of the class names that I used but you get the idea.
Basically if you create an action movie factory you're going to return the right instance either Hollywood
or Bollywood action movie.
And if you create a comedy movie factory you're going to create to return the right instance either
a Hollywood or a Bollywood comedy movie.
Again this is just an example.
So good luck.
I'll provide a solution that will go through all the details on how to create the factory of factories.
The abstract method by providing some kind of producer with a static method that will return the actual
Bollywood action.
I'm sorry action movies or comedy movies and then the factory method will be implemented to return the
right type of action movie or right type of comedy movie.
Thank you.